[2.0.1]: Bug fix (#77)
exercism/crystal-test-runner: changelog.md

# 2.0.1

> - Fixed so the test runner will pick up run times errors as actuall errors and not make test suite pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed so the test runner will pick up runtime errors as actual errors and not make test suite pass
```
